AccountingPlatformAPI/XG/accounting-platform-en.md, before:

# Accounting Platform API

- [Notice](#Notice)
- [Encryption Flow](#Encryption-Flow)
- [API Spec](#API-Spec) 
    - [Member&Agent](#MemberAgent)
    - [Wager](#Wager)
    - [Transfer](#Transfer)
    - [Seamless2.0](#Seamless20)
    - [Seamless1.1](#Seamless11)
- [Table Limit(Bet Limit)](#table-limitbet-limit)
- [Reference of API](../reference-en.md)

## Notice

Please read the following notes before using our API.

- Please read the [Notice](../notice-en.md) to get more information.
- The following table presents the Table ID by game type in game. 

    | Game Type | Table ID  |
    | --- | --- |
    | Baccarat | E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, O, P. The I, J are feature baccarat |
    | DragonTiger | A |  
    | Roulette | B |  
    | Sicbo | V, W |  
    | Sedie | C, D |

- The table below is supported currencies, and the currency code is refer to [ISO_4217](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217)

    | Code | Currency     |
    | ---- | -------- |
    | CNY  | Chinese yuan   |
    | USD  | United States dollar     |
    | THB  | Thai baht     |
    | IDR  | Indonesian rupiah   |
    | MYR  | Malaysian ringgit     |
    | VND  | Vietnamese đồng   |
    | KRW  | South Korean won     |
    | SGD  | Singapore dollar |
    | NZD  | New Zealand dollar |
    | AUD  | Australian dollar     |
    | JPY  | Japanese yen     |
    | INR  | Indian rupee |
    |HKD   |Hong Kong dollar      |
    |USDT |Tether  |
    |PHP|Philippine peso|
    | KIDR  | 1000 IDR   |
    | KVND  | 1000 VND   | 

## Encryption Flow

We provide some simple libraries to generate `Key`(Those libraries also support to generate `token` for seamless callbacks). The following languages are currently supported:

- [JAVA XG Token](https://gitlab.kaixi.cc/api-libaray/java-xg-token)
- [PHP XG Token](https://gitlab.kaixi.cc/api-libaray/php-xg-token)
- [Node.js XG Token](https://gitlab.kaixi.cc/api-libaray/js-xg-token)
- [C# XG Token](https://gitlab.kaixi.cc/api-libaray/csharp-xg-token)

If the language of library hasn't supported or you'd like to handle it yourself, please follow [this doc to generate the `Key`](../encryption-en.md)

## API Spec

### Member&Agent

Provide creating member, member login, managing member or agent data, please refer to [Member&Agent API](https://staging-agent.jetcafe.life/swagger/public/index.html?lang=en#/Member%2FAgent)

### Wager

Asynchronous, about 5 mins delay. Our system will merge bets in the same member and game round(run) to a wager. Only settled wagers able to be found. Please refer to [Wager API](https://staging-agent.jetcafe.life/swagger/public/index.html?lang=en#/Wager)

### Transfer

Only transfer wallet agents available, please refer to [Transfer API](https://staging-agent.jetcafe.life/swagger/public/index.html?lang=en#/Transfer)

### Seamless2.0

- Only Seamless wallet agents available. The 2.0 Version only needs to implement two callbacks which are focus on the balance changing. The encryption rule is also simpler and more flexible.
- Please setting the seamless callbacks(getBalance/updateBalance) on the personal game setting page of the backstage. 
- Refer to the [SeamlessWallet API 2.0](../../SeamlessWalletAPI2.0/SeamlessWalletAPI-2.0.md) documents to implement all of seamless callbacks.
- Because of avoid settling repeatedly, our system only invokes the callback once when updating balance. If there is timeout or something unexpected response, our system won't re-invoke again. So please check the failed cases from [GetRequestHistoryByTime api](https://staging-agent.jetcafe.life/swagger/public/index.html?lang=en#/Seamless2.0/post_api_keno_api_xg_casino_GetRequestHistoryByTime) regularly, and according to the `RequestJson` in response to fix the balance of members.  
- Please provide test account on staging(test) environment of your system after completing all of seamless callbacks. We need to test its working fine on staging. 

### Seamless1.1

- Only Seamless wallet agents available. The 1.0 version was deprecated, and our system force upgraded to the 1.1 version after 2022-10-17.
- Please setting the seamless callbacks(balance/bet/settle/rollback) on the personal game setting page of the backstage. 
- Refer to the [How to handle the balance of members](../../SeamlessWalletAPI1.x/handle-balance.md) and [XG Seamless Wallet API ](https://github.com/jacky5823a/docs/blob/master/SeamlessWalletAPI1.x/SeamlessWallet1.1.md) documents to implement all of seamless callbacks.
- If the game round canceled before settlement, our system will invoke the rollback callback.
- If the bet canceled after settlement, our system doesn't inform your system by rollback callback. Your system needs to check the `ModifiedStatus` of bet by [GetReplenishmentByTime api](https://staging-agent.jetcafe.life/swagger/public/index.html?lang=en#/Seamless1.x/post_api_keno_api_xg_casino_GetReplenishmentByTime) regularly and handle the member's balance.
- Please provide test account on staging(test) environment of your system after completing all of seamless callbacks. We need to test its working fine on staging.

## Table Limit(Bet Limit)

- Different currency has different table limit ids. The member able to switch the table limit in the game which be set by the table limit ids. The bet chips would be changed by the different min/max limits. Please refer to [this doc](./table-limit.md) to get the table limit ids.
- The Table Limit able to be set by the backstage or the apis

### Backstage
- Preset table limit: Only be using by invoking CreateMember api. **The table limit of members wouldn't change when modifying the preset table limit.** The Table Limit Setting on the System Management/Personal page provides the personal preset table limit setting. And the Table Limit Setting on the Account Management/Agent Management page provides the preset table limit setting of the downline agents. Every agent allows to set the preset table limit by each currency, and also allows to set multiple limit ids to be the preset table limit.    
- Get/Set the table limit of member: The Account Management/Member Management page shows the table limit of your and your downline agents' members. But only allow to modify the table limit of your members.

### APIs
- POST /api/keno-api/xg-casino/CreateMember: The LimitStake param is optional and able to put multiple table limit ids in the LimitStake. If there is no the LimitStake param when invoking the CreateMember api, our system will set the **preset table limit** to the new member
- GET /api/keno-api/xg-casino/Template: Fetch the specific member’s table limit
- POST /api/keno-api/xg-casino/Template: Set the specific member’s table limit. Putting the table limit ids in the Template param, it would **overwrite** the original table limit of the specific member
- POST /api/keno-api/xg-casino/AllPlayersTemplate: Modify all member’s table limits of the specific currency one time

Commit message:

Add the Seamless Callbacks Testing feature

AccountingPlatformAPI/XG/accounting-platform-en.md, after:

# Accounting Platform API

- [Notice](#Notice)
- [Encryption Flow](#Encryption-Flow)
- [API Spec](#API-Spec) 
    - [Member&Agent](#MemberAgent)
    - [Wager](#Wager)
    - [Transfer](#Transfer)
    - [Seamless2.0](#Seamless20)
    - [Seamless1.1](#Seamless11)
- [Table Limit(Bet Limit)](#table-limitbet-limit)
- [Reference of API](../reference-en.md)

## Notice

Please read the following notes before using our API.

- Please read the [Notice](../notice-en.md) to get more information.
- The following table presents the Table ID by game type in game. 

    | Game Type | Table ID  |
    | --- | --- |
    | Baccarat | E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, O, P. The I, J are feature baccarat |
    | DragonTiger | A |  
    | Roulette | B |  
    | Sicbo | V, W |  
    | Sedie | C, D |

- The table below is supported currencies, and the currency code is refer to [ISO_4217](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217)

    | Code | Currency     |
    | ---- | -------- |
    | CNY  | Chinese yuan   |
    | USD  | United States dollar     |
    | THB  | Thai baht     |
    | IDR  | Indonesian rupiah   |
    | MYR  | Malaysian ringgit     |
    | VND  | Vietnamese đồng   |
    | KRW  | South Korean won     |
    | SGD  | Singapore dollar |
    | NZD  | New Zealand dollar |
    | AUD  | Australian dollar     |
    | JPY  | Japanese yen     |
    | INR  | Indian rupee |
    |HKD   |Hong Kong dollar      |
    |USDT |Tether  |
    |PHP|Philippine peso|
    | KIDR  | 1000 IDR   |
    | KVND  | 1000 VND   | 

## Encryption Flow

We provide some simple libraries to generate `Key`(Those libraries also support to generate `token` for seamless callbacks). The following languages are currently supported:

- [JAVA XG Token](https://gitlab.kaixi.cc/api-libaray/java-xg-token)
- [PHP XG Token](https://gitlab.kaixi.cc/api-libaray/php-xg-token)
- [Node.js XG Token](https://gitlab.kaixi.cc/api-libaray/js-xg-token)
- [C# XG Token](https://gitlab.kaixi.cc/api-libaray/csharp-xg-token)

If the language of library hasn't supported or you'd like to handle it yourself, please follow [this doc to generate the `Key`](../encryption-en.md)

## API Spec

### Member&Agent

Provide creating member, member login, managing member or agent data, please refer to [Member&Agent API](https://staging-agent.jetcafe.life/swagger/public/index.html?lang=en#/Member%2FAgent)

### Wager

Asynchronous, about 5 mins delay. Our system will merge bets in the same member and game round(run) to a wager. Only settled wagers able to be found. Please refer to [Wager API](https://staging-agent.jetcafe.life/swagger/public/index.html?lang=en#/Wager)

### Transfer

Only transfer wallet agents available, please refer to [Transfer API](https://staging-agent.jetcafe.life/swagger/public/index.html?lang=en#/Transfer)

### Seamless2.0

- Only Seamless wallet agents available. The 2.0 Version only needs to implement two callbacks which are focus on the balance changing. The encryption rule is also simpler and more flexible.
- Please setting the seamless callbacks(getBalance/updateBalance) on the personal game setting page of the backstage. 
- Refer to the [SeamlessWallet API 2.0](../../SeamlessWalletAPI2.0/SeamlessWalletAPI-2.0.md) documents to implement all of seamless callbacks.
- Because of avoid settling repeatedly, our system only invokes the callback once when updating balance. If there is timeout or something unexpected response, our system won't re-invoke again. So please check the failed cases from [GetRequestHistoryByTime api](https://staging-agent.jetcafe.life/swagger/public/index.html?lang=en#/Seamless2.0/post_api_keno_api_xg_casino_GetRequestHistoryByTime) regularly, and according to the `RequestJson` in response to fix the balance of members.  
- There are some test cases on the Developer Zone/Seamless Callbacks page. We'll send the request from our seamless server to your system when clicking the button in the test case. This is only for testing on the staging env, and there is no real bet record in our system.
- Please provide test account on staging(test) environment of your system after completing all of seamless callbacks. We need to test its working fine on staging. 

### Seamless1.1

- Only Seamless wallet agents available. The 1.0 version was deprecated, and our system force upgraded to the 1.1 version after 2022-10-17.
- Please setting the seamless callbacks(balance/bet/settle/rollback) on the personal game setting page of the backstage. 
- Refer to the [How to handle the balance of members](../../SeamlessWalletAPI1.x/handle-balance.md) and [XG Seamless Wallet API ](https://github.com/jacky5823a/docs/blob/master/SeamlessWalletAPI1.x/SeamlessWallet1.1.md) documents to implement all of seamless callbacks.
- If the game round canceled before settlement, our system will invoke the rollback callback.
- If the bet canceled after settlement, our system doesn't inform your system by rollback callback. Your system needs to check the `ModifiedStatus` of bet by [GetReplenishmentByTime api](https://staging-agent.jetcafe.life/swagger/public/index.html?lang=en#/Seamless1.x/post_api_keno_api_xg_casino_GetReplenishmentByTime) regularly and handle the member's balance.
- There are some test cases on the Developer Zone/Seamless Callbacks page. We'll send the request from our seamless server to your system when clicking the button in the test case. This is only for testing on the staging env, and there is no real bet record in our system.
- Please provide test account on staging(test) environment of your system after completing all of seamless callbacks. We need to test its working fine on staging.

## Table Limit(Bet Limit)

- Different currency has different table limit ids. The member able to switch the table limit in the game which be set by the table limit ids. The bet chips would be changed by the different min/max limits. Please refer to [this doc](./table-limit.md) to get the table limit ids.
- The Table Limit able to be set by the backstage or the apis

### Backstage
- Preset table limit: Only be using by invoking CreateMember api. **The table limit of members wouldn't change when modifying the preset table limit.** The Table Limit Setting on the System Management/Personal page provides the personal preset table limit setting. And the Table Limit Setting on the Account Management/Agent Management page provides the preset table limit setting of the downline agents. Every agent allows to set the preset table limit by each currency, and also allows to set multiple limit ids to be the preset table limit.    
- Get/Set the table limit of member: The Account Management/Member Management page shows the table limit of your and your downline agents' members. But only allow to modify the table limit of your members.

### APIs
- POST /api/keno-api/xg-casino/CreateMember: The LimitStake param is optional and able to put multiple table limit ids in the LimitStake. If there is no the LimitStake param when invoking the CreateMember api, our system will set the **preset table limit** to the new member
- GET /api/keno-api/xg-casino/Template: Fetch the specific member’s table limit
- POST /api/keno-api/xg-casino/Template: Set the specific member’s table limit. Putting the table limit ids in the Template param, it would **overwrite** the original table limit of the specific member
- POST /api/keno-api/xg-casino/AllPlayersTemplate: Modify all member’s table limits of the specific currency one time
